
What is ‘The Precinct’?
A single-player top-down open-world arcade-action police game, set in a fictional metropolitan US city, in the 1980’s.

Who is the developer?
Fallen Tree Games.

Who is the publisher?
Kwalee.

What platforms is it available for?
Steam, PS5, and Xbox Series X/S

What do you do in the game?
The player will face a variety of procedural crimes, ranging from bank robberies to parking tickets. The player chooses which Callouts to respond to, and how to deal with them. By doing good police work (successful pursuits etc), the player earns Support Tokens. These can be ‘spent’, on Callouts, to request back-up, spike strips, roadblocks etc.

Is this a sim?
This is an action-focused experience that is heavily influenced by the style, feel and tone of 1980’s cop shows and movies. The game will recreate those thrilling chases, shootouts and thrills of those fictional stories. We consult with a veteran NYPD officer (who served in this era), however, the game is not intended to be an exact depiction of real police work. Nevertheless, role-players will enjoy the open-world exploration aspects of the game, as well as ‘low-intensity’ tasks such as parking tickets etc.

Is there a story?
Yes, there is a story.

Can I be a bad cop?
No. The player is encouraged to ‘play by the rules’. Breaches of conduct will result in disciplinary action.

Do you have a partner?
Yes. He follows the player and supports him.

Does the game feature SWAT/ESU?
You can call in an ESU-type van containing ESU-type officers which are better armoured. There are no plans for these units to have special abilities or tactics, but they will be better armed and better armoured. You cannot play as a these units.

Are there building interiors?
Most of the gameplay takes place outdoors, but there are a small number of building interiors to visit during open gameplay and as part of the story.

Will there be a first-person / third-person camera
No. The game was designed to be top-down only.

Can I do detective work and solve puzzles?
No. You are a beat cop dealing with day-to-day incidents on the street, and larger themes as part of the story.

Does the PC version support modding?
No, there is no official modding support.

Will there be co-op or multiplayer? We are focused on delivering the best single-player experience we can. There are no plans for co-op or multiplayer at this time.

I have a suggestion for the game! Great! Tell us about it in ‘Suggestions’ channel on our Discord! We might not reply immediately (depending on time zone), but we do read all comments.

